In this lecture, we will see how to get all the records from the sequel table.
So here we host one table.
So that is basically writing the sequel query select start from student.
But remember one thing while working with spinning that ADP, we are not going to write any net new
sequel, really.
We will use this printed ADP and DPA will create a native sequel already for us.
So inside the table, we have two records.
OK, so this particular record, the first draw we will get as one object support entity glass.
OK, so here we have a table.
So this will get us one object of $1.0.
This the will get as another object observer entity, glass that is rendered.
Likewise, what other records as well?
So how to get all the records from the particular cycle table that we will understand by creating the
recipe?
So let's jump to his ideas.
This is our spin controller.
Let's say one GDP.
Good mapping.
Public.
So now we are getting all the records right from the student table, and we know one role we will get
as one object what entity class, OK, so written by will be list top student.
Say, get all students, OK, this is our EPA.
Let's import the list, and this is our mapping.
OK, you ought to let us get all students.
Now from here, we will call our service layer that is still in service, so let's go to it, OK?
And here also we need to write one matter that will be done.
Lee's top student?
Get all students.
Imported, you did list.
Now we know, right, we have this student repository using which we can have the grotto presents over
the student table using this particular entity, glass that is rendered.
OK, so let's ultraviolet here.
Student repository like this.
And imported now using this repository.
OK.
We just need to call one matter that is find oil.
That's it.
OK, so this matter is provided by dpa and this will create the natives equality for us.
OK, so here our table is different.
We have entity classes $200.
So this will create OK.
Select Start from student whenever we will call this matter OK using this one repository.
Find all it will create done.
That is equal activity that is select start from student.
If you have another table, you are using another entity class.
You are having another repository for it, OK?
So for that, it will create select start from your table.
OK, so here we are not writing any natives equal query.
We are using spring data.
Let me close it and collapse.
So this method we will call from our controller.
OK, so let's auto wireless service in our controller.
Like this?
Let's say this as private and important now we just need to return whatever our student service is returning.
OK, so get all students.
That's it.
So we are all good with this debate.
So let's test it out.
So let's run over spending what obligation?
So this will get started on both ADHD, they'll then let some two policemen.
So forget the be or select the gate.
At DDP.
Local host.
ADHD slurs.
Student.
And then get all Syrians right.
Call this get.
We got the response right.
Let me do makes me my seat.
This is the first round, OK?
This is another sprint as of now.
We just outgrew records, OK?
That's why we are getting two records.
OK.
This is one is an object and this is another.
It is an object.
So basically, we are getting pushed rents details in the response in the former top.
Jason, if you are 10 records in just one table, you will get 10 students these days or here in the
form of decent.
But the main thing is, OK, let's go to over the service layer this part.
OK, see, we are not writing any ne'er do sequel creating.
OK.
We are using the GPA and Gibbs creating the sequel grade for us.
We don't need to worry about it.
OK?
That what GPA does in the background?
No.
Just use the GPA and forget the sequel part.
OK, GPA will handle it.
So this is how you can get all the records from the particular security table.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.